=== Question 1 ===
#Answer below
a loops in greneral is a code that repeats itself serveral times. There are two
types of loops, there is a while loop and a for loop.

a while loop repeates the block of code below it as long as the contion specfiled
when defining it holds. it can even run infinetly. a for loop on the other hand
loops through and iterable(e.g lists, tuples and strings). it checks each charecter
one by one in the iterable.

lets apply it in real life. Lets say we are creating a program that stores information 
for each user (like a student account): we'll need a password inorder to authenticate the 
user. the problem that we have is we dont know how many times the user will get it
wrong so we would use a while loop and as long as the user  types in the incorrect 
password we can keep on propmting in the while loop

lets say this time we have a list of employees and we want to create a program that 
greets each of them. since we know that the number of times we have to greet will
be the legnth of the list(or simply we want to loop through the list of employees)
we would use a for loop. we can use it to loop through the list and greet each employee
by using for instance print and a formatted string.

=== Question 2 ===
#Answer below
a function in python is something that takes in an input(or a number of inputs, 
or no inputs) and returns an output(it can also return None which is sort of like nothing)

lets talk about how we create on then will talk about how we use one. we creat it
by first using the def keyword then on the same line we write the name that we want
the function t be called. we then use curved brackets and a semi-colon afterwards.
if we want it to take in an input we have to write the name of the parameter(a 
parameter is kind of like a variable but this time it will store the inputs) inside
the curved brackets we just created. if we want the function to take in two or more 
arguments(the actual inputs) the inside the curved brackets we have to put more 
parameters(according to the number of inputs we want) separeted by a comma. finnally 
if we want the function to be able to take in any number of arguments we put an
astrus (*) infront of the parameter

once we define a function we write the logic in the next indentation so that that 
block of code will excecute whenever the function is called. we use the return keyword
to give the function an output. If we dont want any output we can return None or
not return at all (since functions return None by default).

once created we use functions by calling them. we call a function by writing the 
function name with curved brackets afterwards and inside the fuction we put in 
the agruments then it will give us a output(or None in the cases specified above)

The benefit of a function is that it prevents repeatation because the block of code
inside will automatic be used everytime the function is called and it will solve
this problem. when we want to use a different value we just pass it as an argument
(it will be  stored in the prameter) and the function will give us an output depending 
of the inputs(because of the use of the return keyword when defined). 

so logic will now be defined in one place and whenever we want to reuse the same 
logic instead of looking of it in this big project(and copying and pasting which 
increase the lines of code making the project complicated), we just call the fuction.
and the logic will be used 

=== Question 3 ===
#Answer below
Api's are a bridge from one programme to another. they allow us to access onther
programme (which in most cases does not belong to us). they allow differnt systems
to communicate. API's stand for Application programming interface.

when we search for we website for instence, it sends an http request (https for
better securite) and gives us the response. there's what we call a status code
the two most famous ones in my optinion are 200(which means Ok, successful) and 
404(not found).

there are diffent types of requests that can be made. these will be specfied below

GET - This is a request to view data from their programme
POST- This is a request to add some thing to their programme (like adding a new
      post on pinteres)
PUT - This is to update data that exists on their programme
Delete - This is to delete data that exists on their programme

all these are only successful if we have access writes and no internal error ouccurs
on their programme as well, the API request lets us know.

a request is usually made to a url, the url is made up of a base url(the first part
of the url which will always be used inconnection to that programme) and the endpoint(
which is the end part).The end point is the specific resourse of the programme that
we are making a request to.

